This list of bugs might be slightly incorrect due to changes in
addon structure. If date is older than 2007-02-01 consider the bug
information to be outdated.

KNOWN BUGS
----------
2007-05-27 Suspected memory leak.
This addon uses 3MB memory according to blizzard latency/fps/memory info. I
feel this addon should not use that much memory, so I suspect minor memory
leak or other crappy coding. 2006-06-03: Peak usage seem to be 5MB, but then
again id drop below 1MB. This indicates normal behavior. But this will be
observed and full checking on memory/list usage will be done.

2007-02-16 Multiple faulty (small) global cooldowns.
-->Will be observed, but very likely not be fixed.
Some abilities trigger client side global cooldown and then wait acknowledge
from the server. If for example server decides that your action is
cancelled then the cooldown is reset, but this addon still shows it. You
can cause this bug appear f.e. trying to instant cast target that is not in
the line of sight. Or using item that require certain place to work. Also
should appear in laggy situations when using melee special attacks.

2007-01-24 Cooldown "shadow" hides the digital time text.
-->Will be studied when i have time.
Blizzard default Cooldown Frame Template is awkward for layouts and always
places itself on top of the other artwork or frames. So far my attempts to
place this frame between icon graphics and text have failed due to my lack
of knowledge in frame/layout and xml code.

2007-01-05 Weird cooldown values after crash.
-->Will be observed, but propably not fixed.
Sometimes when you are forced to disconnect (server/client crash, etc..)
some items may be left on awkward cooldown state. As a result wrong cooldown
time is shown (like 8379h on Gadgetzan teleporter). This feels like bug in
game mechanism and since it is rather rare condition any workarounds will
not be implemented.

2006-12-06 Not showing cooldown of consumable if there is none.
-->There is workaround/option.
If automatic refresh is set on cooldown icons for consumable/conjurable
items is not shown if there is not such an item in bag/inventory.
F.e managem/healthstone/soulstone cooldown is not shown until new or similar
items is conjured.

2006-04-26 Multiple long cooldowns. Battlechicken bug
-->There is workaround/option.
Combat Harvester Reaper Kit causes other similar trinkets (battle chicken)
to go on cooldown every time when harvester attacks. This is propably
default and correct behavior. However since cooldown is reset it causes
Cooling to add new icon for it and not to replace the old 1.
As a result usage of harvester will flood trinket icons to cooldown display.
This is minor bug since harvesters are always level 35 and therefore they
are not normally used if better trinkets (battle chicken) are available.
Twinks that impress/annoy other pvp players with these should set automatic
refresh on.

2006-04-12 Showing cooldowns that are reset by ability (Cold Snap).
-->There is workaround/option.
Some spells that finish cooldowns (f.e Cold Snap) does not cause
referred cooldowns to disappear - Their icons are shown as if they are
still on cooldown. Player with such a talent should use automatic refresh.


PROPOSED FIXES of Cooling 1
---------------------------
2007-01-25 Teardroppixie
Current layout of code and the basic principle how this add works can't
fulfill all feature requests no longer. Therefore i'll put this version on
hold - only blatant bugs are fixed and version number punched up. New more
dynamic addon will be started.

2007-01-24 Darceidus
Option to disable pet/inventory/bags - Why i didn't done this already :)
Option to track the long cooldowns, but show them only when they have short
time left.
New default layout (vertical).

2006-11-21 Teardroppixie
Different orders of the cooldown: Longest 1st (default), Shortest 1st
and Centered.
